Fixes DOCS-837 (#1056)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/pipelines/pages/configuring-jobs.adoc

|suspend job
|===

> == Storing Metrics

Reviewer: It is a matter of taste where to put this section (in particular the table with `metricsEnabled` and `storeMetricsAfterJobCompletion`). In `configuring-jobs` it makes documentation of `JobConfig` complete. In `job-monitoring` it makes the job monitoring description complete and gives a more natural flow of reading (how to configure and use in one place). I do not have a strong opinion where it fits better or if it should be duplicated or linked.

The following settings allow you to configure whether Hazelcast stores metrics such as the time that a job started and completed.

[NOTE]
====

> These metrics are not available in SQL. To access them, you must use the Jet API's `JobConfig()` object. For example:

Reviewer: maybe we should have a section "accessing metrics" in "monitoring jobs". This page describes `JobConfig`

> These metrics are not available in SQL. To access them, you must use the Jet API's `JobConfig()` object. For example:
> 
> [source,java]
> ----
> JobConfig.setStoreMetricsAfterJobCompletion(true);
> ----
> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These metrics are not available in SQL. To access these metrics, you must use the Jet API:

[source,java]
----
JobMetrics metrics = job.getMetrics();
----
====
```

Unless you enable `storeMetricsAfterJobCompletion`, metrics are available only for running jobs.
